Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we are going to complete our data validation project by freezing our schema for later
use.
This is very useful for other stages of end to end pipeline or just data validation.
In the later process the most exciting part about this step is that we can complete it in single line
of code.
So let's do that right.
Do you have DV dot right schema text and this function takes two arguments.
Our schema and output path for the first one we'll just write schema is equal to schema.
The second one is the output path which represents the name of the file that is going to contain our
frozen schema in this case.
We are going to name it pollutions schema dot baby text and that is the extension of the file that this
library saves execute the cell.
And by doing that we saved our schema.
Let's check our files of the project to see if we have a new one.
And as you can see there is a new file called pollution scheme under the pretext we have everything
saved for later reuse.
If you have any questions or comments so far please buzz them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll assume the next tutorial.